[Feature] Dyno (#1028)
elastic/apm-integration-testing: README.md

If data was inserted before this point (eg an opbeans service was started) you'll probably have to delete the auto-created `apm-*` indexes and let them be recreated.

> ## 🦖 Load testing in Dyno mode

Reviewer: Wdyt about moving this info to a separate MD document, linking to it from here?

Author: I would like to defer this to a larger refactoring of the entire README, but I think it's out of scope for this PR. Would you be OK with me handling it in a follow-up?

a variety of constraints, such as network, memory, or network pressure.

Starting the APM Integration Test suite with the ability to generate load and manipulate the performance characteristics of the individual chararteristics is called `Dyno Mode`.

To enable Dyno Mode, apped the `--dyno` flag to the arguments given to `./script/compose.py`. When this flag is passed, the test suite will start as it normally would, but various
additional components will be enabled which all the user to generate load for various services and to manipulate the performance of various components.

After starting in Dyno Mode, navigate to http://localhost:9000 in your browser. There, you should be presented with a page which shows the Opbeans which are running, along with
any dependent services, such as Postgres or Redis.

A pane on the left-hand side of the window allows load-generate to be started and stopped by clicking the checkbox for the Opbean(s) you wish to apply load to. Unchecking the box
for an Opbean in this pane will cause load-generation to cease.

> After load generation is started, the number of requests can be adjusted by moving the `W` slider for the relevant Opbean up or down. To control the liklihood that a request will

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After load generation is started, the number of requests can be adjusted by moving the `W` slider for the relevant Opbean up or down. To control the likelihood that a request will
```

### Introducing failure into the network

For each service, different classes of network failure can be introduced and adjusted with their respective sliders. They are as follows:

|Slider key|Slider name|Description|
|:--------:|:---------:|:----------|
| **L**    | Latency   | Adds latency to all data. The overall delay is equal to `latency` +/- `jitter`. |
| **J**    | Jitter    | Adds jitter to all data. The overall delay is equal to `latency` +/- `jitter`. |
| **B**    | Bandwidth | The overall amount of bandwidth available to the connection | 
| **T**    | Timeout   | Stops all data from getting through, and closes the connection after timeout. If timeout is 0, the connection won't close, and data will be delayed until the timeout is increased.|
| **Sas**  | Packet slice average size | Slice TCP packets into this average size |
| **Ssd**  | Packet slice average delay | Introduce delay between the transmission of each packet |

### Modifying system properties

The container for each sevice may be instantly resized to the amount of available CPU power or total memory up or down through use of the CPU and Memory slider respectively.

### Enabling/disabling services

> Unchecking the button immediately above the panel of sliders for each service will immediatley cut off access to that service. The service itself will remain up but no traffice will be routed to it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unchecking the button immediately above the panel of sliders for each service will immediately cut off access to that service. The service itself will remain up but no traffic will be routed to it.
```
